Tell me guys, what did I get with more life?
for you
and today I'm with an ex-gay man and
Welcome to our eighth episode at
my eighth map episode and this one
staff is the focus on hell on nm that I
I created here is based on youtube
I can even leave the
link of his video in the description is
so now you're going to have to put
fire
here in the wood on the bottom and you
run deep up there to survive
let's put this into practice it will not
count on you
No, this is not going to change anything.
I still know if it will
monk
soon soon it will rise again
it will fall under
then she will fall to working eva
hence she is falling alone was kind of
mt branch
sister fell in mine is also because
Of fire
recording and playing there almost looking
to the phase
the priest was flooded in the face already
Cardozo does not take his age
A rule that I violated now does not
can be stopped a long time ago now it 's
because you could not move right
when there
it's breaking things
the guy breaking everything down
oh yeah
You come here but you have not fallen once.
I know what I want no one standing
ae
the human being face
Stopped and left the game.
I 'm not going to another
oh drop
so that's it , this is what I'm talking about
soon the download will be on
description and then you can battle for
your law friends stay in hard longer
can not stay still any way
I think it's because I was not going to fall because
was thin one on the other side and
that's it
the download is in the description whoever you want
make video of this map can make
will only shows the cards aqq was
done for me these rules pa
and that's it I hope you have
liked that the system only leaves a like
I really like the map, it will download with
certainty of favorite services
This is new here on the channel you want only
being uncomfortable sign up is this
now I went